EZ GAS AGENCY|
TERMS AND CONDITIONS|

The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the user on usage of the website. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site.|

1. By using the site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your use of the site.EZ Gas Agency revise the Terms of use at anytime without notice to you. Areas of the site may have different Terms of use posted.|

2. EZ Gas Agency does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness of a particular purpose, with respect to any purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the site.|

3. EZ Gas Agency makes no warranty that: (a) the site will meet your requirements, (b) the site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free basis. LPG domestic consumers need to provide right of access only to the authorized agent for the purpose of reading, repairing, replacing or testing of the equipment if the authorized agent carries proper identification and authorisation documents.
Failing this, the consumer shall be at liberty to deny access.|

5. A person having a connection for LPG under the Public Distribution System shall not possess more than one connection of Liquified Petrolium Gas (LPG) granted under the public distribution system.|

6. The supply of LPG to domestic category consumers shall be made in 14.2 Kg capacity cylinder and to those falling under non-domestic category shall be made in 19 Kg/47.5 capacity cylinder, or in such capacity cylinders as may be notified, by the Central Government from time to time.|

7. No person shall supply or sell filled or empty cylinder, gas cylinder valve and pressure regulator to any person other than a Government Oil Company or parallel marketier.|

8. No person shall remove the seal prior to use of the cylinder:|
Provided that the distributor or his authorised representative or the delivery person may remove such seal in the presence of the consumer either for testing, checking or installation of the cylinder.|

9. Complaint Registration|
The consumers can also register their complaint under National Consumer Helpline. The below given link helps the consumers in registering the complaint.
http://WWW.nationalconsumerhelpline.in/ConsumerFile.aspx
Reference:
Reference from the Links of Acts mentioned under the ‘Regulatory Body and Acts’
http://WWW.nationalconsumerhelpline.in/Lpg.aspx
http://WWW.manupatrafast.com/articles/PopOpenArticle.aspx|